[THEME MUSIC]
>> If we're being visited and if
there is other life out there,
think for a moment how
staggeringly unlikely it is
that there's just one
other civilization.
So in a universe over 14
billion years old with trillions
upon trillions of galaxies where
each galaxy, like our Milky
Way, contains hundreds
of millions of stars,
what are the chances
that we're alone?
Virtually zero.
What are the chances
that in all of that,
there's only one
other civilization?
No, that's crazy.
The chances of there being two
civilizations in the universe
are slim.
And I mean pretty much zero
as the chances of there being
just one, I ask being alone.
So that being the case,
what we are dealing with
is probably a
situation where there's
a whole range of other
civilizations out there,
some favorably disposed towards
us, some neutral, some hostile.
Alien abduction, alien
contact, alien experience, this
is just language.
It's labels.
The real question
here is, is there
interaction at some
level between humans
and extraterrestrials?
And related to that, if there
is that interaction, what's
going on?
Some people, for example,
talk about the purpose of this
being some sort of
hybridization program.
Are they a dying race
who need to incorporate
fresh genetic material
from human beings?
Did they create us?
And are they tinkering with us?
This is a version of ancient
astronaut theory in some ways,
I guess, the ancient
gods were our creators.
They seeded us here and
now they're coming back.
And then related to that,
the $64,000 question.
If aliens are visiting,
are they not just coming
and going but are they
here already among us?
>> Where does
civilization begin?
Mesopotamia, we are
told, which leads us back
to the history of the Sumerians
and the telling of the Anunnaki
gods who descended to
Earth and fashioned
what we call modern men.
And what did they believe?
They believed that
in ancient times,
godlike beings descended from
the sky and came to Earth.
And that is what is the
meaning of Anunnaki.
Anunnaki means those
who came from the sky
and down to the Earth.
And that myth to
us, history to them,
tells a story of
a race of beings
that came from another
planet called Nibiru.
And this Nibiru is a planet
that has an elliptical orbit
and it takes 3,600 years
for it to go from, let's
say, the inner solar system
to the outer solar system
and then back again.
The problem for Earth is that
every 3,000 years, Nibiru
comes by and exerts
a very powerful
gravitational electromagnetic
field upon the Earth, which
causes devastation.
And the most recent epic
of the Anunnaki history
regards the past 3,600 years
and the re-establishment
of human civilization
after the last devastation,
which is traditionally
called the flood.
Now, why did these gods, what
I call aliens, come to Earth?
When you read the works
of Zecharia Sitchin,
you realize from
the Sumerian text
that the inhabitants of Nibiru
needed certain minerals that
are on Earth in order to
continue their civilization.
Their planet is threatened
by solar radiation.
And the story goes
that they needed gold.
In order to take the gold and
transform it into a monatomic
form in order to seed their
atmosphere so that the gold
would protect them from the
harmful radiations of the sun
as they do their
3,600-year transit.
So they came to Earth
looking for resources
and they found them.
And they found them
in the Middle East
and they found them
in Africa, which
is a mineral-rich continent.
They assigned their crew
men to become the miners,
and for a long time, the crewmen
of the Anunnaki spaceships
work.
They were called the Igigi--
I-G-I-G-I, Igigi.
However, the Igigi grew weary.
They had not signed on to become
slaves mining in dark caves
and they rebelled.
And when the rebellion
occurred, there
was a council of the
Anunnaki, Enlil, Enki,
and the other so-called
gods, higher-ranking aliens.
They decided to engineer
another being as a slave being
to do this kind of work.
And so they engineered
the first atom.
And there's a very
detailed description
of how the gods
came together, each
contributed some part
of his DNA and her DNA.
There was a goddess who
became the repository
for this new life form.
So each of the gods contributed
some aspect of their DNA
to make us more like them.
And what is more like them?
Knowing, knowledge
of good and evil,
knowing life,
knowing the existence
of life and death
and immortality.
And so this is where we stand.
We are only now finding
out about human origins
and it is the problem that
science has established itself
as the New World
religion and fears
the revelation of these things.
It fears the revelation of
an antecedent civilization
with higher technology
than we possess today.
It fears the moving
of the cornerstone.
Another cornerstone of science
is evolutionary theory,
which is a hypothesis.
There's nothing proven about
evolution or Darwinism.
Something affected the course of
humankind for years and years.
They call it the missing link.
Missing link hasn't been found.
Why?
Because we're the missing link.
That's what I believe.
That's what Zecharia
Sitchin came
to believe because he
translated the Sumerian tablets.
He was a qualified scholar.
He did years of work.
And he wrote several
books on this,
and I recommend
them to you if you
want to know this
in detail, called
The Earth, The 7th Planet.
And we call it the third planet.
Now, why did he call
it the seventh planet?
Because he was translating
the Sumerian history
and the Anunnaki
description of the Earth.
And since they came to the Earth
from outside the solar system,
they started counting
the planets out there
from Pluto inward.
And if you count
from Pluto inward,
you find out that the
Earth is the seventh planet
in the Anunnaki
scheme, although it
is third planet from
the Sun in the way we
see the solar system.
I refer to Maurice Chatelain
who was a engineer with NASA.
Maurice Chatelain
was a genius, and he
found in the Sumerian tablets
a whole series of numbers.
Astronomically large
numbers, numbers
beyond even our modern
need or comprehension.
And so he started
studying them and what
he found when he analyzed these
numbers and divided them by 60,
he found that they
were the periods
of the orbits of the planets.
The orbits of Mercury, Venus,
Earth, Mars, Jupiter, and so
on, notated to the second.
The Sumerians knew the orbital
period of Jupiter and Mars
and they notated it in
the number of seconds--
not days, not hours, not
years, they had it in seconds.
And Maurice Chatelain discovered
this in the late 1960s.
And as I said, he was an
engineer who worked for NASA,
came across these documents,
compared them, did his studies,
and made this
remarkable discovery.
So how did the Sumerians
know and why do they
need to know and calculate
the orbits of Mars and Jupiter
in seconds?
Only people, beings that need
to navigate amongst the planets
need to know how many seconds it
takes Jupiter to orbit the Sun,
or how many seconds
it takes Mars
to orbit the Sun, obviously,
in order to calculate and plot
trajectories, intersections,
interceptions, gravity slings.
You do know that we know
how to approach a planet
and use the gravity of that
planet to sling a spacecraft
and accelerate it
to another place.
This has become an
art form in our time.
And apparently,
this is something
that was known in
ancient times as well.
>> One of the enduring mysteries
from World War II was did
Hitler and any of his German
compatriots actually end up
in Argentina and then perhaps
further south in Antarctica?
>> During the 1930s, the
German government, the Nazis,
were interested in setting
up some kind of base
on Antarctica.
And that's absolutely
historical fact,
and they sent a couple
of expeditions out there.
And at least on
one occasion, they
claimed an area known as
Neuschwabenland and land
and they flew over and dropped
a lot of swastika flags
on the ice there to
claim it as theirs.
So that much all happened.
>> It is well
known that in 1938,
the Germans established a
base in Neuschwabenland,
this area of remote Antarctica
where they claimed to have
found open land,
warm water lakes,
and at the end of the war,
Admiral Doenitz announced that
they had built an impregnable
fortress for the fuhrer
in Antarctica.
>> The Nazis sent scientists,
they sent botanists,
they sent a whole slew of
people to settle that colony.
So evidently, they
had found a warm place
under the ice in which to
establish that colony where
they wouldn't have
sent all those people.
And to have done this in 1938,
a year before World War II,
means that it was
very important to them
to establish that
colony in 1938.
Because they had to be busy
with war plans at that point,
they were very invading
Poland in one year,
to send all these
people to Antarctica
5,000 miles across the
Atlantic at that point.
It had to be something
very important to them.
>> In 1946, a British
expeditionary force or military
force was sent to Antarctica
to explore the area.
And they were driven back
with horrible stories
of being decimated.
They ran into something
that devastated the mission
and decimated the force.
They got word back to England
and it is not coincidence
that within a year, the
United States government
manned the largest
military operation ever
mounted to go to Antarctica.
It's called Operation Highjump.
This was commanded
by Admiral Byrd.
>> It was an attempt to wipe out
the German colony in Antarctica
after World War II.
They sent a fleet of 13 ships
to try and destroy the base.
There was an aircraft
carrier, the Philippine Sea,
there were several destroyers,
there were troop carriers,
and there were destroyers
to carry small planes.
>> While they were
in Antarctica,
they were supposed to
go there for six months.
They terminated the
mission after two months.
>> They went down supposedly for
an exploration/expedition type
of thing for Antarctica.
It's true that that
operation ended abruptly.
It ended ahead of schedule.
There were a couple of
deaths reported on it.
>> And there were rumors that
they had encountered something
in Antarctica that basically
chased Admiral Byrd
and American military
out of Antarctica.
>> On his way back to the United
States, they stopped in Chile.
And in an interview with
the newspaper El Mercurio,
Admiral Byrd made
a stunning remark.
He said that in a future
war, the United States
was going to have to defend
itself against flying craft
that could fly from pole to
pole in a matter of hours.
When that convoy arrived
back in Washington,
Admiral Byrd was taken to
Bethesda Naval Hospital.
He was held there
incommunicado for five days.
He was debriefed
and he was forbidden
to speak in public
about what had really
happened to that operation.
>> What happened was after
two months of the operation,
flying saucers came
out of the water.
>> They were attacked by UFOs
that sank some of their ships,
shot down some of their planes.
And it was such a
devastating loss.
>> They destroyed one destroyer,
supposedly about 68 marines
were killed, and Byrd realized
quickly that if there was no
way he could possibly defeat
that kind of an aircraft that
could fly darting in and out
20 ships and fly at supersonic
speeds.
His aircraft were much slower.
He couldn't possibly
contend with that.
So he had to leave.
He turned around and
left in two months
after beginning the operation.
What has to be discussed is
why they set up a colony there
in the first place?
Why would they travel 5,000
miles across the Atlantic
a year before they were
preparing for a major war
and build a colony
there under the ice?
They weren't building
that colony as a refuge.
It was not a place
they expected to go
to escape from the war in
Europe because they were very
confident that point
of winning the war,
and they had every
reason to be confident
because they had tremendous
advantage, both in terms
of advantage over England
and advantage over Russia.
The entire antarctic colony was
meant to be a space exploration
colony to begin with.
It wasn't an escape
from World War II.
The Germans were building
anti-gravity disks as early
as 1939-40.
It was alien technology.
The Germans could not have
developed that technology
by themselves.
And Oberth, one of
the German scientists
said that and admitted
it, said we were helped.
That was his take.
We were helped.
And they wanted the
Antarctic colony
to be more of a scientific
space exploration colony.
Their plan was to use that
colony for space exploration.
>> There had been a lot of
interesting UFO sightings over
Antarctica recorded
over the years.
Couple of famous
ones in around 1965,
Chilean and British
personnel which
were stationed in Antarctica
recorded some very unusual
aerial phenomena there
that still hasn't
been explained to this day.
There's things
going on down there
as there are around the
entire world relating to UFOs,
if it's the case
that Lockheed Martin
and other major
aerospace companies
are moving to Antarctica.
All right, that's
really the case.
Yeah, that's very
interesting, isn't it?
You have to ask why are
they going down there.
There have been some odd
things in the news concerning
Antarctica right at the end
of the Obama administration.
John Kerry went to Antarctica.
Why?
You have to ask seriously why.
And then there's Buzz
Aldrin, I believe,
went to Antarctica
around the same time
and, yeah, it makes me wonder
what's happening down there.
Now, that doesn't mean
that it's ET related.
It could mean that there's
a lot of things going on.
It could be some interesting
scientific anomaly or discovery
that they're making and that
they can make an announcement.
A lot of possibilities
I'm not yet inclined
to jump up and down and say,
OK, it's a portal, it's ET,
it's whatever.
I'd like to wait.
But that aside, I
think it's possible
that there's some other
strange things going on
down in Antarctica.
I mean, look, it's remote.
It's easy to do things far
removed from the public eye.
So all kinds of things
are possible in there.
>> To any skeptic who says,
well, these are just stories.
These are just accounts.
How?
Life is just stories.
Life is just accounts.
The entire criminal justice
system, for example,
is based on
eyewitness testimony.
When did we stop thinking
eyewitness testimony was
important?
>> UFO investigator Anthony
Sanchez published a transcript
of his recorded discussion
with the retired US Air Force
colonel about what
he called tall, pale,
humanoids from one of the
planets in one of two solar
systems orbiting Zeta
Reticuli 1 and 2,
which is a binary star system
about 39 light years from
Earth.
It's the one that the
famous Betty and Barney
Hill abduction case that
Betty drew under hypnosis.
A system of trade routes
that involved the place
where it was pointed out to
her where our sun is, where
Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2 have
trade routes with other stars
in that system.
Anthony Sanchez in his
recorded transcript,
the US Air Force colonel,
talks about progenitors--
that is the word--
that the progenitors
were and are
a tall, some kind of
humanoid intelligence
that would be the root
source of the humanoids
in this solar system.
The fact that
there was some kind
of a war in Zeta Reticuli 1 and
2 a million or more years ago,
and that it was between
the tall, pale, humanoid
progenitors and
another lifeform--
gray humanoids.
And that these two
lifeforms are somehow
distributed in this
doubled binary star system
of Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2.
And that what the war was about,
according to the US Air Force
colonel, is that the tall,
pale humanoids were secretly
going to the gray
humanoid planet,
harvesting genetic material,
going back to their planet
in the Zeta Reticuli
1 and 2 system,
creating androids, hybrids,
a variety of slave labor
from the genetic material
that the tall humanoids were
harvesting from the
short gray planets.
And this word, progenitors,
meaning the original root race
behind what's in
this solar system,
involves the idea that
whatever the history is
that would explain ancient
artifacts on Mars, on the Moon,
on Earth, and perhaps other
bodies in our solar system,
it's all attributed in the
US Air Force colonel story
to these progenitors from
Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2,
and that they were involved
in constructions on Mars,
on the backside of the Moon,
the interior of the Moon,
on our Earth, and probably
other places even yet
in our solar system
that we have not
been told anything about
publicly or by whistleblowers.
The colonel says, according to
the grays, the humanoids that
got into the war with
the tall, pale humanoids,
to their historical
writings, they
tell us that the progenitor
race came from another star
system, Sirius.
And that they were
chased from there, again,
by these gray beings and
that they ended up on Mars.
Mars was the closest to their
own planet from the Zeta
Reticuli 1 and 2 system.
Mars was the original
place inhabited by them
in our solar system, meaning
they went to Mars first, not
to Earth first.
But choosing Mars proved to
be a major miscalculation.
There was a cataclysmic event,
according to the Air Force
colonel, an asteroid hit
that exterminated some
or most of the progenitors.
But we know that
John Brandenburg, who
is a nuclear physicist, that
he wrote a 2015 book entitled
Death on Mars, The Discovery of
a Planetary Nuclear Massacre,
and this is about the
presence of xenon 129
in the atmosphere of Mars, which
has led to John Brandenburg's
doing even a presentation
at a NASA conference
about enough xenon 129
in the Martian atmosphere
to support the John Brandenburg
hypothesis that there were
two hydrogen bonds that exploded
in the northern hemisphere,
and that there was a
compression wave that would have
annihilated cities and
life in that Cydonia region
where there is the big head,
the big Cydonia pyramid
and other structures that
are referred to as
the Cydonian City.
John Brandenburg thinks
that this explosion
of bombs in the
northern hemisphere
could go back a million years.
The timeline is not clear.
But if he is right, this might
explain what whistleblowers
have been telling me for the
past approximately 18 months,
that our government knows from
its own secret investigations
that the Cydonia region in the
Martian northern hemisphere
does in fact have pyramid and
other structures that are made
out of a composite
material which
has some kind of a
substance not found
in our periodic
table of elements.
Further, that the
current whistleblowers
tell me that the
hieroglyphs and the symbols
on the ancient artifacts of Mars
match exactly the hieroglyphs
and symbols on ancient artifacts
and pyramids on the backside
and interior of our Moon.
And that they match exactly
the hieroglyphs and symbols
on ancient artifacts and
pyramids that are under 1
and 1/2 to 2 miles
of ice in Antarctica.
And that the way we have
been getting into Antarctica
for the last 15 or so years
has been through submarine
into some part of
Antarctica under the water.
>> 70% of the Earth is covered
by water and we've only
explored 5% of our oceans.
You would think that
before we go to the moon
or we do anything
else, we would know
what's under our oceans,
what's on our own planet.
So for years, I've
been researching
UFOs which are coming
in and out of waterways.
This has been going on
actually for centuries.
The first UFO
documented sighting
that was coming in and
out of the water was 1067.
This has been going
on for centuries,
long before we had any
capability of any travel
underwater, let alone in and
out of the water, which is still
difficult for us.
So now, I'm narrowing it
down section by section,
waterway by waterway, trying to
discover the best possibilities
for an underwater alien base.
I've found military bases,
I've found submarine bases.
And some of the areas with
all the activity, there
just has to be some type of
an alien facility underwater.
I had the opportunity to
speak to somebody who has
been on a nuclear submarine.
He went down to sonar, was
sitting there with his buddy,
and this thing zipped
across the screen.
He said, what is that?
And he said, well, that's
what we call a fast mover.
This isn't anything
biological and it's
way faster than anything
that we have, he said,
so it's basically an
underwater unknown.
And we just log it
and stowed away.
You didn't see it.
There's a lot of activity
that comes in and out of lakes
and I don't think that's
necessarily a base,
but it is a very
good hiding place
and it might also
be a place where
these craft are refueling.
I'm trying to focus more
on areas like Puerto Rico.
Puerto Rico has more
activity of UFOs
coming in and out of the water.
And from what I've
understood with my research,
they're also coming into the
atmosphere through a wormhole
and then entering the water.
I interviewed Jorge
Martin who is the expert
researcher on USOs and UFOs
in the Puerto Rico area
and he said, for months now, in
fact, for the past few years,
the activity is
picking up more now
in the last few months
of these craft coming
in and out of the water.
And he's actually found through
maps underwater anomalies
that he does believe are
underwater alien bases.
So my research is taking
me to different areas
across the world.
I'm trying to pinpoint the best
possibilities for these bases
and why.
Why these areas,
why not other areas?
This research has
led me to Russia,
to the Baltic Sea,
the Mediterranean,
and even as far as Antarctica.
There's bases possibly
in Antarctica.
I'm doing some research
there and it's kind of ironic
that John Kerry just
came from Antarctica.
He said supposedly
because it had something
to do with the environment.
And I think that's just
a little bit far fetched,
because after he came
back, they announced
that they have a 35-year
ban on going to Antarctica
without permission from the UN.
So what are they hiding there?
I did some research
through WikiLeaks
and found out that Julian
Assange had released
some documents that were back
from, I believe, from the 1990s
about some alien craft that
were coming out of the water
there in Antarctica
of a fleet of craft.
So it seems like there's
something going on there
that our government
doesn't want us to know
and we've started building our
own facilities in Antarctica,
trying to take
control of the area,
and possibly share a base
with these alien beings.
For some reason now, the
three major countries--
China, Russia, and
the United States--
three major world
powers, they're
putting their bases underwater,
their submarine bases,
their military facilities.
I've even heard talk about how
they're putting some missile
sites underneath the water.
So they're hiding everything
underneath the water.
It's hard to believe, but we've
had submarines since the 1800s.
And from there, we
went into the 1960s,
we started building facilities
underwater for research.
We've built tunnels under water.
We've been building things
under water for years
and nobody really
looks underwater.
Nobody pays attention.
Everybody looks at land, perfect
place to hide everything.
As far as alien craft, I
started researching that
and one in five UFOs
is water related.
With 70% of the Earth
covered by water, of course,
that's where they're
going to hide.
There's been craft coming in and
out of the water in Michigan,
the Great Lakes, off
Catalina Island--
one of the most active areas
in the Pacific Coast right now.
They had sightings
actually at Avalon
off the Catalina Island
on July 8th 1947.
This is the same day that
the Roswell Daily Record
printed the Roswell crash.
And I started
doing some research
and they had several sightings
a few days before and a few days
after the Roswell crash.
And this was off
of Catalina Island,
so these craft were
coming in and out.
In the 1990s, they had just
almost a UFO flap of craft
that were coming in
and out of the oceans.
These were being reported right
off of Catalina Island, right
off the coast of California.
Surfers were reporting craft.
Surfers go out early
in the morning.
They're out with
the crack of dawn
before boats and everything
else get out there.
While they're
watching for a wave,
they've also seen craft coming
in and out of the water.
We have lakes all
over the United States
where craft come in and out.
But what I'm really more
interested in are the bases,
the alien bases that
they have underwater.
>> It was in 2015 that I got an
email from a man who introduced
himself to me saying that he
had been a naval flight engineer
from 1977 to 1997, a 20-year
career of which a good part
of it, he was stationed with
other naval people in McMurdo,
the American base in Antarctica.
And he remembered that
around 1995 to 1997,
that he and the crew would
be in a big C-130, maybe
a crew of 15, 17 people.
And they often would
have assignments
where they would have to go
from McMurdo, say up to pole,
and then maybe over to the
Australian camp at Davis
on the east side of Antarctica.
And that they would have
navigation going to pole,
and when they went
to pole, that meant
that they would have to
cross over the Transantarctic
Mountains that go
completely across,
almost dividing the big
continent of Antarctica.
Well, as they would
fly toward the pole,
they would get to the same place
every time called the Beardmore
Glacier.
And half a dozen different
times, they all saw this.
There would be silver
glinting circular craft.
They would come up over the
Transantarctic Mountains,
they would never cross over
into the Beardmore Glacier,
almost they began
to wonder, is there
are some territorial
constriction here.
But they would be in
their C-130 and they
would see the silver disks
come together in pairs,
stop mid-air, one take off,
another go up, go down.
But those silver disks
never came toward the C-130
and they all began
to notice as a crew
that they never flew over
that Beardmore Glacier
and they would joke and
talk among each other.
Well, what do you
think we've got here?
These UFOs are these
extraterrestrials,
and is somebody keeping them
on that side of the Beardmore
Glacier like a joke.
But there came a moment in '95
to '97 where they got a call,
it was a medevac, and it was
somebody over in the Davis Camp
on the Australian
far eastern side that
had gotten severe burns from
some kind of a kitchen cooking
explosion.
And it was very
serious, and they
knew that they normally would
have a five and a half hour
to six hour flight.
And they wanted to see
if they could cut down
that time because
of the emergency.
And the captain had talked
with the crew and said,
does anybody understand why
we have this no fly zone
about 5 miles away from pole?
That's going to
eat up more time.
Is there any reason why we can't
go through that no fly zone?
And the answer
that came back was
it's supposed to be air
monitoring station within 5
miles of the south pole.
And the captain said, we're
flying at 35,000 feet,
we're not going to be
contaminating air down there.
This guy over here is
in emergency situation,
let's just go through
this no fly zone.
All of the crew is
looking down the window,
and the man who has contacted
me about all of this
that I called Brian S,
said to their astonishment,
when they are so
close to what would
be the south pole
in this no fly zone,
he said it was like a
perfect sort of circle hole
and it seemed to have a
slant going into it like this
was constructed.
They said the
size, they all said
it must be the size
of a football field
which would be 300
feet in diameter
clearly going down into the ice.
Well, when they got to
Davis and they picked up
their medical person and
got it back to McMurdo,
when they landed, they said
there was a man in a suit
and that doesn't
happen in Antarctica
unless it's CIA, NSA, DRA,
NRO, Intel or counter-Intel.
And they are taken
together as a crew
and the man said to them,
what you saw, at pole,
you did not see.
Not now, not ever, you do
not talk about that hole.
And Brian told me,
there had been rumors
but the rumors really
began to increase
between 1995 to 1997,
people sitting down
at bars or in cafeterias.
Under the ice, near the South
Pole was what people said,
did you know that we've
got extraterrestrials
that are collaborating
with our government
and they're down
there in that hole?
That was the kind of talk.
Well, they got an
assignment not too long
after seeing that big hole that
a group of National Science
Foundation people were coming
in from the United States,
about 15 of them.
And their job would be
to get these scientists
into that C-130,
get them to where
there were going to do the
research, which in this case
was Marie Byrd Land on kind
of northwest of McMurdo.
And they were always used
to flying National Science
Foundation people in usually
between September and February,
which is the summer
months in Antarctica
and it was this period
of time around 1996.
And they picked up
these scientists.
They're in awful lot
of gear, took them
to where they were going
to do this research,
dropped them off.
And Brian said the
agreement with scientists
was you call every 24
hour period to this number
that they had in
McMurdo so that we
know that you're OK, that
there's no medical emergencies,
or a problem.
And he said they got back, and
by the fifth, sixth, seventh
day, they had not heard
anything from these scientists.
And then they get the
order, something's wrong.
So now they go back.
And he said when they
were approaching,
they went in a big circle,
going all around the camp,
getting lower and lower with the
idea that if there was anything
moving-- people, dogs, sleds--
anything, that they would
see it either high and then
come down low.
Nothing.
Literally nothing was moving.
They landed.
They checked everything out.
There was nobody there.
It was a huge mystery.
They went back to McMurdo.
Everybody is puzzled.
And another week
later after that,
they get the phone call, same
crew, the scientists are back.
Get the plane over there.
We got to get them out.
And the guys on the plane are
expecting that these National
Science Foundation researchers
are going to be, you know,
clapping their hands
and jumping up and down
and they're going to hear
about whatever it happened,
and they land, and he said
the scientists were just
lined up perfectly still.
They get ushered onto the plane.
They're looking
down on the ground.
There's not a single
word, not to anybody.
And the crew are looking at
each other and one of them said,
they looked traumatized.
And they had all of this gear,
but the decision apparently
was that they would get the
scientists out first and get
the gear in another flight.
So they get these--
he thought there were two
women and the rest men.
And he said, Linda,
it was so eerie.
They've been missing
for two weeks,
and he said they looked scared,
they didn't talk to each other,
they didn't talk to us, and
they kept looking at the ground.
And one of the male
scientists sat on a chair
and Brian S was sitting on a
jump seat that was looking back
at the scientists, and
this one man who sat down,
he said he was close
enough for me to lean over
and he said, I just
extended my hand
and I said, is there
anything that I can get you?
And this scientist
never responded,
kept staring at the floor.
The plane landed in McMurdo.
The scientists were
whisked away immediately.
They went on another
plane and they
heard that they went to
Christchurch in New Zealand,
never to be seen
by this crew again.
And then when they were
in the cafeteria talking,
the words were from somebody who
had some association with what
those scientists had
been doing, said, yeah,
the rumor is that they came
here to work with what we call
extraterrestrial,
biological entities down
in that hole site near pole,
and who knows what happened.
They hadn't been gone very long,
and men in suits come again.
And the whole crew
sat down and told,
you do not talk about
these missing scientists.
You don't talk
about any of this.
But Brian said, the
strange thing is, Linda,
I was never asked to sign
a non-disclosure agreement.
So my coming to you in 2015,
I'm not doing anything wrong.
And I think that you should
know that in those years
at least when I was
there in Antarctica,
we were seeing silver disks,
we saw that big hole down
in the ice that
others rumored was
the entrance to a collaboration
between what they call
the extraterrestrial
biological entities
and our military, that
there were National Science
Foundation researchers
who came in a group,
disappeared, and when
we went to pick them up,
they seem traumatized
like post-traumatic shock.
Now, that was 2015.
And I did a recorded
interview with Brian
and he was on Cawston, Earth
Files, and several programs
and he called me
up in 2016 saying
I'd really like to meet
you, we'd never met,
we'd only been on the phone.
And he said, you're going to
be speaking at the contact
conference in Joshua
Tree in California
I have a nephew in California
who would like to meet and talk
with you and I would,
so let's meet a contact.
And the agreement was that
on the very first night
on Thursday, in
the summer of 2016,
that we would go to dinner.
And we ended up in a very
noisy Mexican restaurant, lots
of tile, it was very noisy
and we even joked, ironically,
thinking back.
You know, if they
got a satellite on us
or there was a spy
in here, it's going
to be hard for them to
hear what we have to say.
And we joked about it.
We were there probably
until about 10:30, 11:00.
And when we left,
it was a warm night
and we all agreed we wanted
to keep talking about all
of the various UFO, ET
stuff we were talking about.
So we went into the
parking lot where
they had an SUV that
was parked under a tree
and we talked for another
couple hours out there
in that parking lot.
That was Thursday
night, I end up
doing a lot of work on Friday,
Saturday, Sunday, Monday
morning.
The guys have gone
back to their homes.
So they're taking me back
to the airport to leave,
and I get a call on my iPhone.
And it is the nephew who was
with us on that Thursday night
dinner and he says,
you will never
believe what happened
with his uncle Brian.
And he says, he got a phone
call this morning at work.
Now, that meant a lot
because Brian still
works in an aerospace context.
You can't call his office.
He doesn't give out that number.
You have to call him on
his private cell phone.
And he got a phone
call to his office line
that I then later
learned in talking
with Brian began this way.
And this is an
absolute transcript
of what Brian said happened.
The voice on the other end of
the line said, is this Brian?
Yes, who is this?
I didn't recognize the number
at all coming in on my phone.
And the voice said,
I want to tell you
that what you have
been talking about,
you need to stop talking about.
Brian said, well,
what stuff is that?
And he says, quote, we know
that you were with Linda Moulton
Howe last Thursday
night and we know
that you went to dinner at a
Mexican restaurant in Joshua
Tree.
And we were aware of what you
were talking about with her
and other people and
that your experience
that you had when you
were on the ice, when
you were in the service.
We do not want you
talking about that.
Specifically, we don't want you
talking about the scientists
that you picked up after being
missing for a couple of weeks.
Brian said, well, how
would you know about that?
I've only talked
to certain people.
And the voice on the
phone said, well,
we know pretty much everything.
And he said, just don't be
putting that out there anymore.
Certain people would prefer
that you not talk about that.
And Brian said, well,
I'll consider that.
And the phone clicked dead.
Brian, who is very smart,
looked at the phone
and did something that
they could do and call--
it had a number
that he wrote down.
When he called that
number, it came back
as the general phone number for
the National Security Agency
in Fort Meade.
That meant, if you just
put it all together,
that an event in 1995 to 1997, a
series of events which included
the disappearing National
Science Foundation
scientists, by 2016 was still
so sensitive that somebody
in an intelligence agency in
Washington such as the National
Security Agency would go to
the trouble to somehow connect
into what was supposed to be
a private aerospace office
number for Brian S, give
a warning based on having
monitored us, something
is in Antarctica
that I personally think every
human being on this planet
deserves to know
the truth about.
And as much as I
can report, as many
whistleblowers who
will come to me
and tell me their firsthand
experiences, the more.
I hope that I can share.
We should not be on planet Earth
with aliens down in Antarctica
collaborating with
our government,
and then having that
same government threaten
the reporters who are
supposed to be protected
by the First Amendment of the
United States Constitution.
Something is wrong.
And that's part of what I'm
trying to find out in my work.
>> If any of this is
true, if one case is true,
this is a game-changer.
This is a situation where
the skeptics have to be right
every day, whether it's UFOs,
alien abductions, hybridization
program, aliens
among, us whatever.
The skeptics have to
be right every day.
The believers only
have to be right once.
And not only does the world
change, but the world has
changed, the world is a
fundamentally different place
than we believe it to be because
of things happening that are
currently hidden to us.
>> Elon Musk was a surprise
guest and one of the panels
in Austin, Texas at the current
South by Southwest Festival,
and he told a big crowd, quote,
we are building the first Mars
or interplanetary
ship right now,
and he is referring
to his SpaceX.
And I think we'll be able
to do short flight, sort
of up and down flights probably
in the first half of next year.
And that's what will enable
the creation of a base
on the Moon and a city--
these are his words--
and a city on Mars.
It's similar to getting
the Union Pacific
Railroad across the continent
or ships across the ocean,
so we're going to try to
get you there and make
sure there is an environment
in which entrepreneurs
can flourish.
Then, I think it--
meaning, getting to
Mars to build a city--
will be amazing.
But I wonder how much
has Elon Musk been
read into the MJ-12
alien UFO program.
The one that we
have all been trying
to get to the bottom
of that we know
began in 1947 with some
kind of an executive order
by Harry S Truman.
It's now 70 years later.
It would seem logical that
Elon Musk has been introduced
to some real facts
about the alien presence
in our solar system,
Mars, the Moon, Earth,
and that it may be part of
the reason why he is working
so hard to get to Mars with
enough cargo and people
to actually start, as he
calls it, a city on Mars.
Well, does he know anything
about the alleged history
of alien humanoid life on
Mars in this solar system?
And I hope that you
will keep in your mind
this whole huge, big other
possible backstory as we're
going to get more and
more headlines about Elon
Musk getting ready to launch
to Mars with great enthusiasm
apparently by
President Donald Trump.
What do they both know about
ancient archeology on Mars?
And what happens once
if Elon Musk gets there
with the new pioneers
like the wagon
train that went across America?
He gets there with
settlers and they
are able to survive
landing and they actually
start setting up a city.
Will we, on Earth,
eventually learn
about the ancient
archeology on Mars
that matches Antarctica
and the backside
and interior of our Moon?
These are big questions in
this revolutionary time.
I hope that we will be
told some facts and truth.
And we are at a time where
more and more dots seem
to be coming into
place about the fact
that we're heading out in to
space where we've already been
and that other
intelligences have
been coming into our solar
system for a very, very
long time.
[THEME MUSIC]